feat: add documentation for builtin hasUnaddressedThreads (#17)
reviewpad/docs: aladino/builtins.md

```

> ## &nbsp; hasUnaddressedThreads

Reviewer: Rename to `hasUnaddressedReviewThreads`

______________

**Description**:

> Verifies whether the pull request has threads that are unaddressed, returning `true` or `false` as appropriate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verifies whether the pull request has review threads that are unaddressed, returning `true` or `false` as appropriate.
```

> An unaddressed thread is a thread that is not `resolved` or `outdated`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A review thread is unaddressed when it is not `resolved` or `outdated`.
```

**Parameters**:

*none*

**Return value**:

`boolean`

> A boolean which is `true` if the pull request has any thread that is not `resolved` or `outdated`, `false` otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A boolean which is `true` if the pull request has any review thread that is not `resolved` or `outdated`, `false` otherwise.
```
